# Team #5 Meeting - Jan 25 at 9:30 PST

## Members present
<img width="1049" alt="Screen Shot 2021-01-25 at 10 56 59 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/50184924/105806283-e5b0cb00-5f60-11eb-8960-7330027b8299.png">


# General Topics Discussed
- meeting times, and discussion about the rubric and our expectations 

### What did we do last week?
* We did the group contract, met to discuss logistics and made our github page
* Used Slack to communicate

### Did we face any issues? 
* No issues faced so far

### What we you plan to do this week?
* To figure out how our timer works, and the exact specifications
* Brainstorming
* Come up with a document by the end of this week 
* Research
* Come up with roles for programmers, designers, project managers, etc.
# Advice from our TA
* Come up with your own specs
* Think of the project as deliverables and results
* Need a state diagram and design
* **Wire frame**
### Suggested Timeline
* Background research
* Maybe have 1 half an hour discussion
* Come up with sub teams
* Start coding by next week
* 2 weeks come up with a simple webpage
* Start adding features
* Basic version beginning of week 6
* Project manager should create a stand up thread so everyone can fill in their updates
* Upload the thread to the github
* Collect 7 days a week 
[pomodoro timer info link](https://zapier.com/blog/best-pomodoro-apps/)

# End of Meeting decisions
* Project Manager : Rui Cai
* Discussed automative tools for standup notes
* **Meeting next Wednesday **
